{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\b\f0\fs20 **************************************************************\b0\par
\cf1\b Stargus\cf2  \cf3 - \cf2 Starcraft NATIVE on Linux \cf3 v0.2 TODO\par
by The Stargus Team\par
\cf0 **************************************************************\par
\cf3 Best viewed in 1400x1050 with Wordpad\par
\par
\pard\cf0 Official Home Page:\b0  www.stargus.sf.net\par
\b SVN Access : \b0 svn co https://stargus.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/stargus stargus\par
\b\par
Developers Email(s): \par
\tab n0.obAtroN:\tab\b0\i acidflamme@users.sourceforge.net\b\i0\par
\tab Protoman:\tab\b0\i protoman@users.sourceforge.net\tab\i0\par
\tab\b jsalmon3 :\tab\b0\i jsalmon3@users.sourceforge.net\par
\tab\b\i0 Capn_Fish:\b0\tab capn_fish@users.sourceforge.net\par
\tab\b DeX:\b0\tab\tab DeX77@users.sourceforge.net\par
\par
\b Basic Minimum Requirements:\par
\tab\b0 - Linux / Windows 2000 SP4 or greater/XP SP2 or greater\b\par
\b0\tab - PC platform (x86/x64)\par
\tab - Intel(R) Pentium 800 MHz or AMD Athlon(tm) equivalent\par
\tab - 128 MB of System Memory\b\par
\tab\b0 - Starcraft Original Media\par
\tab - Some understanding of how to execute programs under Microsoft(R) Windows, how to install programs, and how to extract archives\par
\tab - Some common sense\par
\par
\b -->Long Term Goals:\par
\tab 0.2 = \b0 Have most of the zerg and protoss finished, terran 100% complete\b\par
\tab 0.3 = \b0 Have Terran + Zerg + Protoss 100% complete\b\par
\tab 0.4 = \b0 Tilesets + UI Done (menus, terrain, console, etc.)\b\par
\tab 0.5 = \b0 Terran Campaigns\b\par
\tab 0.6 = \b0 Zerg Campaigns\b\par
\tab 0.7 = \b0 Protoss Campaigns\b\par
\tab 0.8 = \b0 Bugfixes, MetaServer (online play similar to battle.net)\b\par
\tab 0.9 = \b0 To Be Planned\b\par
\tab 1.0 = \b0 No Idea\b\par
\tab\b0\par
\par
\b --> 0.2 Tasks Summary (for the Scripts) :\par
\tab 1.\b0  Zerg unit animations\par
\tab\b 2. \b0 Protoss unit animations\par
\tab\b 3. \b0 Terran Addons\par
\b\tab 4\b0 . Spells\par
\b\tab 5\b0 . In-game UI\par
\tab\b 6\b0 . Before-game menus\par
\tab\b 7\b0 . Tilesets\par
\par
\b --> Highest Priorities: \b0 #1, 2, 7\par
\b --> Medium Priorities:\b0  #3, 4, 5\par
\b --> Low(er) Priorities: \b0 #6\par
\cf3\b\par
\cf0 --> 0.2 Tasks Summary (for the Engine) :\par
\tab 1.\b0  Larva\par
\tab\b 2. \b0 Creep\par
\tab\b 3. \b0 Protoss Shields\par
\b\tab 4\b0 . Seige Mode\par
\b\tab 5\b0 . Flying Buildings\par
\tab\b 6\b0 . Burrow\par
\tab\b 7\b0 . "Small" Protoss units\par
\tab\b 8\b0 . Active overlay\par
\par
\b --> Highest Priorities: \b0 #8\par
\b --> Medium Priorities:\b0  #1, 2, 3\par
\b --> Low(er) Priorities: \b0 #4, 5, 6, 7\par
\par
\b --> Description:\par
\tab\b0 #\b 1. \b0 The race labled "Zerg" in Starcraft uses a Larva (unit-zerg-larva) to morph into other units. The Larva are created by a Hatchery (unit-zerg-hatchery), which preduces one Larva every 10 seconds at a max of 3 Larva. The Larva sit around the Hatchery, and as soon as one of the Larva is commanded to morph into another unit the hatchery produces a new Larva (because there are no longer 3 Larva surounding the Hatchery). In a nutshell, the unit-zerg-hatchery needs to \i automatically \i0 build a larva once every 10 seconds at a max of 3 larva. Stratagus does not support automatic unit building.\par
\tab #\b 2. \b0 The Zerg buildings have to build on a special Tileset (terrain) called Creep. This tileset overlays the current Terrain by spreading from the Zerg Hatcheries (unit-zerg-hatchery) and the Zerg Creep Colonies (unit-zerg-creep-colony). In essence this is a "goo" that covers the ground allowing the Zerg to build their buildings. Stratagus does not support layering tilesets, and we need the creep to cover the terrain around the Hatchery + Creep Coliny up to a certain distance.\par
\tab #\b 3. \b0 Every unit has a number of Hit Points (HP) that when attacked is lowered until they become > 0, which is when the unit dies. The Protoss not only have HP but Shields as well. The shields work in the same concept only with slight differences. The shield in essence is a second set of HP. When a unit w/ shields gets attacked the shields on that unit get lowered until they reach 0. Once the shields are at 0 the damage from the attacker than goes to the HP of a unit. As soon as the HP and Shields of the unit are gone, the unit dies. When attacked a small animation for the shield is displayed overtop of the unit. This animation is only visible when under attack, and gives the protoss a "sheilded" look.\par
\tab #\b 4. \b0 The Terran Seige Tank is a unit which has multiple modes. When in attack mode the tank is mobile and only does 30 damage w/ no splash. When in defence mode (Seige Mode) the tank is immobile, does 70 damage and has a splash damage. In a nutshell a feature needs to be implemented into Stratagus allowing "attack" mode and "defence" mode for a unit, w/ a special set of rules for each mode.\par
\tab #\b 5. \b0 Some of the Terran Buildings have a special feature that allows them to fly. Buildings by defualt are immobile, and once built are stuck at that spot until destroyed. All-in-all certain Terran Buildings need to be able to lift off, fly to a destination, and land.\par
\tab #\b 6. \b0 The zerg units have an option to burrow under the ground, where they become invisible + immobile.\par
\tab\b #7. \b0 There are "small" units such as the Interceptor or scarabs that are built + carried by another unit\par
\tab\b #8.\b0  There are units in Starcraft that use multiple graphic files layered overtop of each other to make a unit (Missle Turret, Tank, Goliath, etc.) The active overlay is layering multiple images overtop of each other to make a unit. \par
\par
\b --> Basic Overview:\par
\b0\tab Stratagus uses the lua Interpretter to load a set of configuration files. These config files define the units, their speed, armor, HP, the menu's, icons, etc. We have two options, either hardcode the required features right into the engine, or add extra Lua options so that these features can be defined in the config files. Hardcoding the features would be faster, easier, and not require the modifications of the config files. The Lua options would be harder, and we would not only have to modify the engine but the config files as well (slow). For now we are \b NOT \b0 going to fork stratagus. For the features incompatible w/ wargus we will hardcode, and the rest we will add lua options.\par
\par
\b --> Technical Overview:\par
\b0\tab #\b 1. \b0 The unit-zerg-hatchery and the unit-zerg-larva have already been defined in the lua config files. The only thing that needs to be done is telling the unit-zerg-hatchery to build a unit-zerg-larva, with a 10 second pause in between each larva. We also need to add a limit of 3 larva arround a single hatchery at a time.\par
\tab #\b 2. \b0 The Creep must be defined as a tileset in the engine. It needs to cover (or replace) all the terrain in an area of 3 around the unit-zerg-hatchery and the unit-zerg-creep-colony. The creep needs to disapear if one of the buildings is destroyed, and be replaced by the original terrain that it covered. The creep spreads slowly from the units, the more units you have spreading the creep the faster it spreads. For now the spreading isnt all that important. We just need the creep to cover the terrain around the units. The tga graphics file for the creep tileset is located at /data/graphics/tilesets/platform/creep.png. The demensions of the tga are 544x96. The tga for the creep tileset is devided into a grid of frames. There are a grand total of 51 frames, each frame is 32x32. You can specify a specific tile on the grid by using the numbers 0-50 (left to right from the top left to the bottom right)\par
\tab #\b 3. \b0 Basicaly a second set of HP will need to be added for all the protoss units. The graphics for the sheilds havnt been extracted, so we wont worry about the fancy animations yet. The Sheild needs to take the damage from an attacker before the HP, and once the shield is out the damage goes to the HP. The shield needs to regenerate at a rate of 1 HP per 2 seconds.\par
\tab #\b 4. \b0 Two modes need to be added to the Stratagus engine: attack mode and defence mode. When going into defence mode a certain animation will be played (the animation has to be defined in the engine). When leaving the defence mode a different separate animation will be played. While in defence mode the Siege Tank will be immobile (glued to the spot) and do 70 damage, w/ splash damage. While in the attack mode the Seige Tank will be mobile do 30 damage, and have no spash effect. The missles displayed when attack mode will be different than the missles displayed in the defence mode. The missle for the attack mode is reffered to as missle-terran-seige-tank-attack-mode, while the missle for the defence mode is referred to as missle-terran-seige-tank-defence-mode. Both of the missles are pre-defined in the config files.\par
\tab #\b 5. \b0 Two modes need to implemented for certain terran buildings: lift-off-mode and land-mode. While in the lift-of-mode the building is considered a flying unit, and can move. While in the land-mode the building is considered a ground unit, and cannot move. While in lift-off-mode the building can only do 2 things: move and land.\par
\tab #\b 6. \b0 The zerg burrow abbility basically should cloak a unit just the same as the normall cloaking already implemented in the Stratagus Engine. The slight difference is that once "cloaked" the zerg units would be immobile and unable to move.\par
\tab\b #7. \b0 There are two main "small" units, the Interceptor and the Scarab. The Interceptor does 6 damage and must return to the carrier after attacking. The carrier can only hold 8 interceptors at a time. The Scarab is built + carried y the reaver. The Reaver can hold a max of ten, and "shoots" the scarabs as its attack. The scarabs suicide doing 120 damage to a all the units around it.\par
\tab\b #8. \b0 There are units in Starcraft that use multiple graphic files layered overtop of each other to make a unit (Missle Turret, Tank, Goliath, etc.) The active overlay is layering multiple images overtop of each other to make a unit. \par
\par
FIXME:add overview for Scripts tasks\par
}
 